# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project.

## Before you begin

### Sign our Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a [Contributor License
Agreement](https://cla.developers.google.com/about) (CLA). You (or your
employer) retain the copyright to your contribution; this simply gives us
permission to use and redistribute your contributions as part of the project.

If you or your current employer have already signed the Google CLA (even if it
was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it again.

Visit <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see your current agreements or to
sign a new one.

### Review our Community Guidelines

This project follows [Google's Open Source Community
Guidelines](https://opensource.google/conduct/).

## Contribution process

If you don't have a specific contribution in mind, feel free to browse the list
of existing issues to find something you would be interested to help with. All
issues are open for contribution. If you are new to the project or would prefer
something reasonably ambitious, you can filter to only show the [good first
issues](https://github.com/google/wasefire/issues?q=is:issue+is:open+label:"good+first+issue").
Then simply reply to the issue mentioning your interest and how much mentoring
you would like. You may as well directly open a pull request for that issue if
you don't need any mentoring or clarifications.

If you have a specific change ready, feel free to send the pull request for
review. If the pull request is not fixing an existing issue or a typo,
describing the motivation for the change would accelerate the review. And if the
pull request is complex to understand, a high-level design in the description
would also help the review.

In all other cases, feel free to open a new issue for discussion. Depending on
the type of issue, the initial comment would describe a specific problem you
encountered, the motivation for a change or feature request you would like,
possible design or implementation ideas you have, etc.

You can find more information on how to [open an
issue](https://help.github.com/articles/about-issues) or create a [pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests) in the [GitHub
Help](https://help.github.com).
